What Is The Name Of This Song?. . . . . . It's A Quarter Till Three And I'm About To Go So Mr.
Dj Please Would You Turn My Record On. . . .!

Do you use Vine? What do you think about it, and what's the best Vine you've created so far?

Okay, so I like this guy and he asked me (on Fb) to make out with him but I'm so scared of it.
He made out with tons of girls and I made out with one guy and I'm so insecure in my "skills".
I don't know what to do. I'm gonna see him in class tomorrow. What should I do?

If the side door of my garage opens up into a yard, do I have any rights to access or use it.
Is it considered a common area. I live in a duplex, side by side?

A stray cat has been hanging around my house. I feed her and she lets me pet her and tries to
get in the house. She had her babies in my yard. Should I move the mother and babies to my
enclosed back porch so the tom cat can't get to them?

So my dad thinks gay people are just mentally retarded and currently I'm in the closet.
How do I come out to him, or should I wait till I'm out of highschool and out of the house?

I hooked up with the guy that my friend has been texting and has a crush on. He asked her to
formal the next day and I'm going to be at the same formal, so I'm worried that she might find out.
Should I tell her what happened or just let it go?

So...today is the day of my fortune cookie. I know a lot of you don't believe in them but I do.
The fortune cookie said,"Remember three months from this date! Your lucky star is shining."
Today is three months from when I got the fortune cookie. I know I will just have to wait to see
what this day brings me because I have nothing planned so far but I still want to see what everyone
thinks it could mean. So what do you all think the fortune cookie is saying?

I'm currently at university, and everyone is so proud and happy for me yet it has turned out to be
the worst decision of my life. Should I leave and find something better for me to do, or should I
stay for the sake of my family and their sacrifices?

What is the last brave thing you've done ? Mine is I got 5 inches cut off my hair today  ...
So I'm looking for small acts of bravery ;p my hair is still well  past my shoulders so really
small acts of bravery :) I'm a freakin ' hero though ;) I like me :)
